<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<?xml-model href="http://www.oxygenxml.com/1999/xhtml/xhtml-xforms.nvdl" schematypens="http://purl.oclc.org/dsdl/nvdl/ns/structure/1.0"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:xforms="http://www.w3.org/2002/xforms"
    xmlns:ev="http://www.w3.org/2001/xml-events" xmlns:my="test"
    xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
    xmlns:xsd="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema">
    <head>
        <title>Rules of Nico's oXygen Navigation Race!</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>About</h1>
        <p>Nico's oXygen Navigation Race is a game similiar to a treasure hunt or scavenger hunt ("Schnitzeljagd") in a large XSLT Stylesheet. It shall demonstrate functions of the Oxygen XML Editor for very fast navigate, so that the developer do not lose time by searching specific code lines in large stylesheet.</p>
        <p>The idea is easy. The given XSLT stylesheet was added by comment. Each comment beginns the phrase "STEP " and a number to order the steps. To find the next step, you have to follow the instruction inside the comment (e.g. "find the declaration of this variable" - "this" is pointing always to the next lines after the comment).</p>
        <h2>Requirements</h2>
        <p>To have a chance to reach the finish line you should...</p>
        <ol>
            <li>be an XSLT developer.</li>
            <li>have installed Oxygen (Developer or Full), Version 19.0+ (tested version, should work also for older versions)</li>
            <li>use the oXygen project oxygen-race.xpr (not requiered, but for two steps very helpful).</li>
        </ol>
        <h2>Rules:</h2>
        <ol>
            <li>Follow the instructions, which are in comments below "STEP X".</li>
            <li>The steps should completed in the correct order.</li>
            <li>Exception: There is an alternative route from STEP 7 to STEP 8. This route is longer, but easier to find. It is marked by the steps 7a-7d.</li>
            <li>After completing the instruction of one step, you will find the next step in a range
                of +/- 10 rows of the target or one of the targets.</li>
            <li>The search of the phrase "STEP" or similar patterns are not permitted.</li>
        </ol>
        <p>Let's try it together:</p>
<!--        
        STEP 0:
        Open the following document
        -->
        <p>To start, go to <a href="start.xhtml">start.xhtml</a></p>
        
        
    </body>
</html>
